# Welcome!

Contributions are very welcome on aiven-terraform-governance-compliance-checker. When contributing please keep this in mind:

- Open an issue to discuss new bigger features.
- Write code consistent with the project style and make sure the tests are passing.
- Stay in touch with us if we have follow up questions or requests for further changes.

## Development

Make changes and run the program:

```bash
go run main.go -plan=plan.json -requester=alice -approvers=bob,charlie
```

## How to get plans?

You can find couple plans under testdata directory which are real plans generated by terraform plan. If you want to test with a new plan, you can generate a terraform plan file from your own environment, for example: 
```bash
terraform plan -out=plan
terraform show -json plan > plan.json
go run main.go -plan=plan.json -requester=alice -approvers=bob,charlie
```

If you'd like to commit the plan to the repository (for example, to use in tests) make sure to clean up any sensitive data that may be present from your environment from the json data before opening a pull request.

## Opening a PR

- Commit messages should describe the changes, not the filenames. Win our admiration by following the [excellent advice from Chris Beams](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) when composing commit messages.
- Choose a meaningful title for your pull request.
- The pull request description should focus on what changed and why.
- Check that the tests pass (and add test coverage for your changes if appropriate).

### Commit Messages

This project adheres to the [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification.
Please, make sure that your commit messages follow that specification.